[MUSIC]
>> Aaron: So let's have everyone
try some Noni functions out.
So these actually work in Firefox.
So yes, you go ahead and try them out
straight in your Firefox console.
They also work in the Traceur Repl
like you saw me using them.
But go ahead and try them out inside
an object, try with some event handlers.
And then try passing some error
functions to an array map or
array for each or an array reverse.
See if you can not reverse.
See if you can figure how to do
[INAUDIBLE] with that stuff.
So, good?
>> Speaker 2: Couple of questions
here.
>> Aaron: Yeah, yeah ,yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Is it a good spot?
>> Aaron: Yeah, yeah,
it is a great spot for questions.
>> Speaker 2: So
an arrow function in ES6 is
different than the one used in
CoffeeScript?
>> Aaron: So
CoffeeScript has two arrow functions.
And they have a skinny arrow,
which is instead of the equals sign,
it's just the hyphen and
then the greater than.
And let me show you here, so
in CoffeeScript, they have no, voice.
So they have this kind
of an arrow function.
>> Aaron: And then they have, so
they have those two arrow functions.
In a CoffeeScript, they built them for
this purpose, this is why they have two of
them for exactly what we're talking about.
And use your skinny arrow functions where
wherever you would use an anonymous,
just a regular function.
You don't care whether this is you
just need the codec skew when you do.
And then they're like well, we have this
time where we need to bind stuff like
can easily be scoped lexically to this.
And so they're like well,
in that case, we'll create this second
arrow function which is a fat arrow.
And so,
in CoffeeScript you have to learn and
and you have to read
in parts of your eyes.
That is skinny function, that's a fat
function, which one of the two is it.
And so this actually does work just
like CoffeeScript's fat arrow functions.
It does not work like CoffeeScript's
skinny arrow functions,
so yeah?
>> Speaker 3: But
is the parsing different?
Cuz with your last example where
you changed the emit function to
be a fat arrow function instead.
And then this ended up bound to window.
I thought CoffeeScript
parses that differently, so
it would have worked the way you expect.
>> Aaron: I don't know, man,
I'm not a CoffeeScript guy.
So maybe someone who's used it.
Maybe on the livestream can tell.
But I don't know what
CoffeeScript would do.
I would imagine that if fat arrow did what
I've been told it does, it would break.
But it may work, I don't know.
>> Speaker 2: Another question was,
are there any performance
improvements with the arrow function?
>> Aaron: That's a good question,
why didn't I talk about that.
Well, [INAUDIBLE],
you gotta stop [CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 2: I just got here and
we started questions.
>> Aaron: Okay, so
it's not like strictly sugar, right?
It is sugar because it's
going to bind this for
you which is nice and
it takes the word function out and
it gets rid of the return statement
if you only have one line.
So there's a little bit of sugar.
I'm gonna say mostly
sugar, but combined.
So remember how we said you can't
new this up, you can't new this guy?
Combined with classes,
there's a potential long-term benefit
of having these kind of functions.
And that is, so right now we have
functions and every function has this
constructor thing on it, so
that you can construct it if you need to.
And I'm not 100% into how much weight that
takes up in memory, but
I mean it's not nothing.
And so if every function,
if you can get rid of these
constructors on every single function.
Cuz most functions, I mean that almost
all functions aren't constructors,
they're just methods, right?
I'm not ever gonna new up my click
handler, it's just a function.
And if there was a time where all
constructors were only
used to the class syntax.
And functions were only used as
functions but not as constructors.
You could conceivably remove
the constructor binding
from a function which might make
it lighter weight in memory.
Which could potentially have
a benefit over runtime in that it
wouldn't take up such
a big memory footprints.
But again, I'm talking about
something I read one time,
not that I write JavaScript engines,
right?
Because I don't.
>> Speaker 2: One other
kind of question here, so object functions
can be bind by skinny arrow functions,
but I think skinny arrow
functions are only CoffeeScript,
right?
>> Aaron: Totally,
yeah, I think that's what they're saying.
Yes, skinnier, like the word fat and
skinny, that's not an [INAUDIBLE]
script thing, that's purely Java.
I keep saying it.
I said it so
now you guys are gonna go say it and
I felt bad,
because I didn't mean to teach that habit.
They're just arrow functions.
And then someone on the livestream
is obsessed with it and so
we've said it ten more times.
But again, it's not called fat arrows,
they're just called arrow functions.
Okay, let's code up
a destructuring inside of an array
function, should we do that?
With default parameters?
>> Speaker 3: Mm-hm, I can do that.
>> Aaron: Okay, let's try it.
[COUGH] Let's try it.
So let me hide the runtime or
the generated code, okay.
So I'm gonna make an array, for
now it's just gonna be of numbers.
>> Aaron: Right, so we got numbers.
Does everyone agree?
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Aaron: Okay?
And then we're gonna say,
nums.forEach or excuse me, map.
Let's do a forEach, it doesn't matter.
Okay, so
we're gonna do a forEach on these guys.
So here we're gonna have this parameter.
We're gonna do our arrow.
>> Speaker 4: Can
you bump up the farm maybe one or two?
>> Aaron: Is that good?
Okay, [COUGH] so in here,
we're gonna say this is the num and
we will default it to 1,000.
In the forEach it passes
the second parameter which is the index.
>> Speaker 4: ForEach?
Yeah.
>> Aaron: It does,
right?
>> Speaker 4: Yep.
>> Aaron: Okay.
>> [INAUDIBLE].
>> Aaron: [COUGH]
>> Aaron: So,
I don't think I can do index minus one.
>> Aaron: Probably not.
>> Aaron: Let's try it though
>> Aaron: Num are the index+1.
>> Speaker 4: Your experimental's
turned off, is it?
>> Aaron: Was it?
Do I need a num?
>> Speaker 4: Create the default,
wouldn't you?
>> Aaron: I don't think so.
>> Speaker 5: Mine is working fine with
it.
>> Aaron: Horn.